/forms v2 (#370)
18F/federalist.18f.gov: pages/documentation/forms.md

---
title: Forms on Federalist sites
permalink: /documentation/forms/
layout: page
sidenav: documentation
---
Do you want to use a digital form to ask questions of the people visiting your Federalist website? Do you want them to fill out a form with their contact info or feedback? This page provides an overview of existing digital form tools and requirements so you can determine which best apply to your situation and get started.

## A note about form services

> Federalist pages are static websites. This means there is no backend for you to log into in order to get your agency’s form data. You’ll need to use a separate form service to use a digital form on your agency’s site. You should check with your agency's Office of Chief Information Officer for what services are licensed and approved for your use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Federalist pages are static websites. This means that while you can add a form to your site, there is no mechanism to handle the form submission to store and see the results. You’ll need to use a separate form service to use a digital form on your agency’s site. You should check with your agency's Office of Chief Information Officer for what services are licensed and approved for your use.
```

<div class="usa-alert usa-alert-info" >
  <div class="usa-alert-body">
    <h3 class="usa-alert-heading">
      More vendor specific advice is available for federal employees. Enter your email to access that page.
    </h3>
    <p class="usa-alert-text">
      <form id='fed-email-form' class="usa-form">
        <label for="fed-email">Enter your federal email.</label>
        <input class="usa-input" id="fed-email" name="fed-email" type="email">
        <input class="usa-button" id="submit-btn" type="submit" value="Go to next page">
      </form>
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<script>
  // Block form submission
  const form = document.getElementById('fed-email-form');
  form.addEventListener('submit', function(e) {
    e.preventDefault();
  });

  // Validate on button click
  const email = document.getElementById('fed-email');
  document.getElementById('submit-btn').addEventListener('click', function(e){
    if (/(.gov|.mil)$/.test(email.value)) {
      // redirect that works on preview builds too
      const current_url = window.location.href;

>       const new_url = current_url.replace("forms", "form-services")

Reviewer: This still doesn't work in the preview because the URL includes "forms" in multiple places :)
```suggestion
      // Just replace the url wit the entire one we want
      const new_url = "{{ site.baseurl }}/documentation/form-services";
```

Author: Yeah, I threw my hands up and went about the rest of my day, haha. Thanks for this.
